Was winston churchill the prime minister of Selwyn Lloyd?
Name some leaders of the parent organisation of the Gestapo?
Which party has come in power in Mumbai North?
Name the municipality of Roberto Clemente Bridge ?
Which company which assembles its cars in Broadmeadows, Victoria?
Which person designed the cars which has been designed by ASC Creative Services?
Which share holder of outlook is also the content license of the MSX Basics ?
Where was the battle fought where 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment participated  ?
Which band's  former member are Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
which politician is currently ruling over Rishkiesh?
Who have done their PhDs under a National Medal of Science winner?
Who is the common manager of Aston Villa 2000-02 season and aldo the manager of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2009-10
Name the mascot of the military branch of William Harper.
Which kind of conventions are held in Rosemont, Illinois?
Which labels signs up progressive rock bands?
Which magazine's editor is married to Crystal Harris?
In which television shows have Steven Moffat served as an executive producer?
Which shareholder of Dagenham wind turbines is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra?
What are the airlines whose hub is San Francisco International Airport?
Where can I find things run by the maritime museum of San Diego?
How many services does 21Vianet provide?
Which planet was discovered by Johann Gottfired and Urbain Le Verrier ?
where did the office holder died  who is successor to Elmer Burkett ?
Who started at the pole position in both 1997 canadian grand prix and the 94 spanish one?
Who appointed the governor under whom Richard Winn served?
Which tenants of the Master Card center is also th draft team of Sam Carrrick
Who produced the TV shows for Fremantle Media?
In which team did Dave Bing and Ron Reed started their basketball career?
Who appointed the governor under which Robert Witherspoon worked?
Who is the producer of the song which is the previous work of He's a Liar ?
Who gave the voice for Allen Walker ?
Who is associated to Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus  and Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
Which country has given citizenship to both saima chowdhury and edmund john?
Who is the person that first ascented the Cathedral Peak and Mount Hoffmann?
Where is the swedish covenant hospital?
Which composer of Girl from the North Country is the subsequent work of the Moondog Matinee?
In which war did Roh Tae Woo and Lee Leffingwell fight?
How many party leaders are there whose parties are headquartered in Berlin?
How many total religions are followed by people whose hometown is somewhere in India?
Who are the cast members of The Simpsons Ride?
Which american football team  has stadium as O.co Coliseum?
Which company has a product named Visual Studio and One Drive as service ?
Which country's leader is David Johnston?
Who is the leader of the town where the Myntdu river originates?
Which royal person married the successor of Darius I?
Where was Antonio Giannini born?
Where was David Scherman trained ?
Which company offer service of Outlook.com and OneDrive?
Where was Live in Detroit, MI recorded ?
who all have been a manager of english under twenty one football team?